So let's look at some of the possible solutions that are
available for upgrading smart contracts.
So one of the solutions is the ability to
separate the contract data and application logic into
separate contracts so that the app portion
of the smart contract can be upgraded independently.
Now, this works great for changing application logic,
but it does not work if there are data structures in your data that need to be upgraded.
For example, you might have a struct and you decide to add a property to that.
Well, if the data part of
your smart contract already has that struct define and you cannot change that,
then your application obviously cannot refer to that.
The other possible scenario is that you
migrate your contract data to an altogether new contract.
Now, this comes with a significant number of problems because
if you have a significant amount of data that's already
accumulated in your data smart contract,
you have to go through the process of writing an application that moves the data,
and in doing so,
one of the challenges will be that you will have high gas costs.
You will again run up into black gas limits.
So the solution would be that you'd have to break up
the data into smaller chunks and execute it that way.
Anyway you look at it,
if you are trying to migrate the data of an entire contract to a new contract,
there's a lot of costs involved,
there's a lot of time involved,
and there is lot of resources involved.
So it's probably not the best strategy,
but one you can do if that's the only possibility available.
Another way to do it is to create a separate data and application contract,
but have a proxy dispatcher contract that acts as an intermediary.
The way this works is that your proxy never changes,
your data contract never changes,
but what happens is that you move the application contract to a different one as needed,
and since the proxy is aware because you will update
it of where the new application logic contract is,
it continues to work seamlessly.
This is also a good solution.
The problem that you will run into when you're implementing
such a solution is that the proxy uses something called delegate call,
and such calls encode are prone to a lot of security issues and you have
to be very careful to make sure that you architect and code that in a very secure manner.
The final way that I would propose that you can have
such an architecture is to use what's called an eternal storage design pattern.
This is an interesting design pattern because what it does is it essentially relegates
your entire data storage contract to a key value pair storage.
So this would be analogous to something like Redis.
So you no longer have the benefit of having semantic data structures.
So for example, if you are referring to a person in your smart contract,
you couldn't have a struct that's called person with name, ID, etc.
You would essentially have a number of key value pairs,
and you would use a hash as the key and the value that is the actual value.
So this has the long-term potential of becoming a data store that is immune to all
application logic changes you make because your application logic can be
updated to adapt to the key structure that you want.
So that's a really good solution.
For our purposes today,
we are going to focus on the ability to simply separate
your smart contract into data and application in a very simple way.
So let's start right now by taking a brief quiz.
What is the biggest challenge with migrating
large amounts of contract data to a new contract?
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6